Fix label in collections (#106)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap: draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap.md

### CMW Collections' role in composite Attester topology

A CMW Collection's tree structure is not required to be a spanning tree of the system's composite Attester topology.

> If the label includes semantic content for a Verifier (e.g., for better Verifier performance or human comprehension), the collection SHOULD be integrity protected, e.g., by including it in a signed token such as a CWT or JWT.

Reviewer: * use "labels" plural
* split sentence into two

```suggestion
If the labels carry semantic content for a Verifier (e.g. to improve Verifier performance or aid human comprehension), the collection SHOULD be integrity protected. For example, by including it in a signed token such as a CWT or JWT.
```

> If the labels carry semantic content for a Verifier (e.g. to improve Verifier performance or aid human comprehension), the collection SHOULD be integrity protected. For example, by including it in a signed token such as a CWT or JWT.

Reviewer 2: The "for example" change is a sentence fragment.
```suggestion
If the labels carry semantic content for a Verifier (e.g. to improve Verifier performance or aid human comprehension), the collection SHOULD be integrity protected.
For example, the collection can be integrity protected by including it in a signed token such as a CWT or JWT.
```
